look at my long pole you can obviously
do all the normal ninja stuff if you
want to
um I don't recommend it in such a small
space but that's not the real reason I
got it the real reason I got it is
because they pull is a brilliant
shoulder Mobility tool here's three
things you can do put the bar up on your
shoulder get a wide grip and push the
bar out behind you to get a big chest
stretch the closer the hands are
together the harder it gets and number
two if you put your hand on the top of
the pole and sink down just like so
you'll feel a huge stretch through your
lat just like this don't forget to do it
on both sides but you should be feeling
it right along the outside right here by
the way if you have a flexible chest and
flexible latch you have amazing shoulder
Mobility already and then the Timeless
classic that everybody knows you just
grab the pole go around the body and
back over wide like this is easy narrow
like this is much harder stay flexy